It's all mine
Brother Xiaoyu, you are finally back.
I miss you so much!
I'll get the door
Ouch.
I heard you're having a good time, bitch
Who are you? Put the phone down
Put down Gao Yu
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
Of course I'm here to ask you for mental damage
You cost me my job. Let go
And made me lose face
How much would you say it's worth?
How dare you come to me?
I have no money.
No money hehe
Oh, dear.
It doesn't matter if you have no money.
He can ask for money
Gao Yu, are you still shameless?
How much is the face worth?
Don't you want a face?
He actually stole his best friend's boyfriend
Hahaha, what if you don't give money today?
I'll let everyone know
You little three
Enter the house and rob someone else's husband
Shut up and keep your mouth clean for me
Ouch.
After this became a mistress, his temper became better
Don't say you stole your best friend's husband
He's still here.
I remind you
Han Tong hasn't divorced him yet
Take your money
Get out of here
Still bro, do you know?
Should I say
Having a husband and wife is really my lucky star.
One gives me advice
One gives me money
Thanks.
An Tong called you here
Haha, otherwise how could I find this?
Okay?
Hahahaha An Tong